In this project performed India based AtliQ hardware company sales insights - A Data Analysis project. 
Developed ETL mappings using SQL to extract the data from unstructured data and transformed it to 
the staging area to conduct data cleaning and design star schema data model on Power BI. 
Developed a Power BI dashboard to perform analysis, producing quantitative visualizations in Power BI 
to draw valuable insights based on different parameters affecting the company performance year on year 
and further provide business solutions. by using such tools and technology one can make data driven decisions 
which helps to increase the sales of the company. So, in this project we will help a company make its own sales related dashboard using Power BI.

Project planning with AIMS Grid and Data Discovery:
AIMS Grid -is a project management tool and it has four component-

Purpose- to unlock sales insights that are not visible before for the sales team for decision support and automate them to reduced manual time spent in data gathering.
Stakeholders- are people who will involve in this project like sales director, marketing team, customer service team, data analytics team and IT.
End Result- An automated dashboard providing quick and latest sales insights in order to support data driven decision making.
Success Criteria-
Dashboard uncovering sales order insights with latest data available
Sales team able to take better decision and prove 10% cost savings of total spend.
Sales analyst stops data gathering manually in order to save 20% of their business time and reinvest it value added activity.

Data Analysis using SQL:

Importing data to mySQL workbench.
Analysis of data by looking different tables and reflecting garbage values and remove all garbage value.
Analysis of data base by running different SQL statement. find out the all analysis of different tables.

Data Cleaning and ETL :

we will pull data into Power BI and also do Data Cleaning known as ETL(Extract Transform and Load). 
We need to transform data as it is messy and need to convert into different format so that we can perform Data Analysis in Power BI. 
Transformed data which will launch data into power query editor where we will do data cleaning converting data into correct format 

Data Analysis Expressions (DAX) :

Created some new measures using DAX language.

Data Visualization :
Data visualization for the data analysis (DAX) was done in Microsoft Power BI Desktop - 

 Revenue by Markets
Quantity by Markets
Overall Revenue Trend
YoY Sales Growth
Top 5 Customers
Top 5 Products
Revenue Contribution % by Markets
Profit Contribution % by Markets
Profit % by Markets
Average Order Value.
